---
layout: post
title: What's coming for 2022?
slug: personal
---

The year is ending… and you have probably read this kind of post before, but this is my first one reflecting on the year and what is coming in 2022.

Most people would agree that 2020 was a difficult year if not the most difficult due to the shift in terms of social interactions and many other factors we all are aware of, but in particular for me, 2021 was a challenging year personally and professionally.

Without going into details, I have spent a few weeks trying to reflect on things I would like to do in this new year, and among them, I would like to write them down as a [public] log and revisit them by the end of the next cycle.



0. Professionally. I was considering taking a whole year off and dedicate myself to travel and learn other skills around arts and science, but most likely, I would continue working to leverage my productive years. I will be:
    -Changing jobs. Indeed, I have been working for a little over 2 years with my current employer, but I have decided to move on, I think is the best for me and this is something I am looking forward to in the new year.
    -Changing location. I will be moving from Ireland, next country is yet to be decided, but I am grateful to have a few options on the table.
    -I will be working on my JNCIE-SP, which I will be aiming to take no later than September of 2022.
    -Continue to create content, here in this blog (monthly recurrence as usual), plus have more interactive content through other channels such as YouTube and/or Twitch (most likely I will start with YouTube, and then Twitch).
1. Personally. I will take some time off work to be able to travel a little bit.
    -I am going to be traveling to a few countries during the months of December through February, already having the Dominican Republic, Chile, and Brazil in mind, as well as the United States.
    -I will be learning a new language, having learned Portuguese the last year, now I will be aiming to learn French. Already started the program in the French Alliance in Dublin. I won’t be creating technical content using my French skills (that would be horrible :D), but I will be using it often, I hope.
    -Continue to learn piano. Due to the influence of a great friend (Peter), I’ve been learning Piano for a year now, and I have learned some nice pieces. This new year I will be learning new songs and getting more serious on it, therefore I am considering: 
        -Strictly following the FlowKey app program; OR
        -Hiring a piano tutor for personalised lessons; (still deciding, but most likely this)
    -Drawing is something I have been doing here and there (horribly I have to say). I am currently undergoing technical training on drawing to enhance my skills on it.

Well, that is all, folks. Exciting stuff, see by the end of 2022! : )
