---
layout: post
title: "Personal1: What's coming for 2022?"
slug: personal1
---

The year is ending… and you have probably read these kinds of posts before, but this is my first post about what is coming in 2022 for me.

Most people would agree that 2020 was a difficult year due to the shifts made in terms of social interactions and many other factors we all are aware of, but in particular for me, 2021 was a challenging year as a whole.

Without going into specific details, I have spent a few weeks trying to reflect on things I would like to do in this new year, and among them, I would like to write them down as a [public] log and revisit them by the end of the next cycle.

0. Professionally. I was considering taking a whole year off and dedicate myself to travel and learn other skills around arts and science, but most likely, I would continue working to leverage my productive years for now, and later plan accordingly, as this is something I would like to do prior to making other life plans. I will be:
    0. Changing jobs. Indeed, I have been working for a little over 2 years with my current employer, but I have decided to move on, I think is the best for me and this is something I am looking forward to in the new year.
    1. Changing location. Once again, kind of a nomada life at this point for me, having lived in 4 different countries as of yet, I will be, most likely, moving from Ireland to embark on new challenges in a different territory. The next country is yet to be decided, but I am grateful to have a few options on the table.
    2. I will be working on my JNCIE-SP, which I will be aiming to take no later than September of 2022.
    3. Continue to create content, here in this blog (monthly recurrence as usual), plus have more interactive content through other channels such as YouTube and/or Twitch (most likely I will start with YouTube, and then Twitch).
1. Personally. I will take some time off work to be able to travel a little bit.
    0. I am going to be traveling to a few countries throughout the year, something I have been eager to do for a while now, but due to the global restrictions it has not been possible.
    1. I will be learning a new language, having learned Portuguese already, now I will be aiming to learn French. Already started the program in the French Alliance in Dublin. I won’t be creating technical content using my French skills (that would be horrible :D), but I will be using it often, I hope. 
    2. Continue to learn piano. Due to the influence of a great friend (Peter), I’ve been learning Piano for a year now, and I have learned some nice pieces. This new year I will be learning new songs and getting more serious on it, therefore I am considering:
        1. Strictly following the FlowKey app program; OR
        2. Hiring a piano tutor for personalised lessons; (still deciding, but most likely this)
    3. Drawing is something I have been doing here and there (horribly I have to say). I am currently undergoing technical training on drawing to enhance my skills on it.
    4. I'll be having fun with my beard, and will do a yeard (beard for a year). ;)

Well, that is all, folks. See you by the end of 2022 in order to scrutinize this list of items! :)
